table,field,description
reg_academic,pending_grad_plan,Pending Grad Plan
reg_academic,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_academic,curriculum,Curriculum
reg_academic,diploma_type,Diploma Type
reg_academic,modeled_grad_plan,Modeled Grad Plan
reg_academic,advisor,Advisor
reg_academic,act_grad_plan,Actual Graduation Plan
reg_academic,elig_expires_date,Eligibility Restriction Date
reg_academic,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_academic,federal_grad_year,Federal Grad Year
reg_academic,promotion,Promotion
reg_academic,elig_effective_dte,Eligibility Effective Date
reg_academic,votec,VoTec
reg_academic,graduation_year,Graduation Year
reg_academic,student_id,Student Id
reg_academic,schd_priority,Scheduling Priority
reg_academic,elig_status,Elig Status
reg_academic,rc_hold_override,Rc Hold Override
reg_academic,hold_report_card,Report Card on Hold
reg_academic,elig_reason,Elig Reason
reg_academic,graduation_date,Graduation Date
reg_academic,disciplinarian,Disciplinarian
reg_academic,graduate_req_group,Graduation Req Group
reg_academic,exp_grad_plan,Expected Graduation Plan
reg_activity_det,start_date,Start Date
reg_activity_det,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_activity_det,school_year,School Year
reg_activity_det,duration,Duration
reg_activity_det,override,Override
reg_activity_det,student_id,Student Id
reg_activity_det,end_date,End Date
reg_activity_det,ineligible,Ineligible
reg_activity_det,activity_comment,Activity Comment
reg_activity_det,activity_status,Activity Status
reg_activity_det,activity_code,Activity Code
reg_activity_det,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_activity_det,building,Building
reg_user-R-106,field_value-1,Biliteracy Language 1
reg_user-R-106,field_value-2,Achievement Date 1
reg_user-R-106,field_value-3,Biliteracy Language 2
reg_user-R-106,field_value-4,Achievement Date 2
reg_user-R-106,field_value-5,Biliteracy Language 3
reg_user-R-106,field_value-6,Achievement Date 3
reg_user-R-106,field_value-7,Biliteracy Language 4
reg_user-R-106,field_value-8,Achievement Date 4
reg_user-R-106,field_value-1,Biliteracy Language 1
reg_user-R-106,field_value-2,Achievement Date 1
reg_user-R-106,field_value-3,Biliteracy Language 2
reg_user-R-106,field_value-4,Achievement Date 2
reg_user-R-106,field_value-5,Biliteracy Language 3
reg_user-R-106,field_value-6,Achievement Date 3
reg_user-R-106,field_value-7,Biliteracy Language 4
reg_user-R-106,field_value-8,Achievement Date 4
reg_contact_phone,phone_extension,Phone Extension
reg_contact_phone,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_contact_phone,sif_refid,Sif Refid
reg_contact_phone,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_contact_phone,phone_type,Phone Type
reg_contact_phone,phone_listing,Phone Listing
reg_contact_phone,phone,Phone
reg_contact_phone,phone_priority,Phone Priority
reg_contact,login_id,Contact Login Id
reg_contact,email_preference,Contact Email Preference
reg_contact,last_name,Contact Last Name
reg_contact,home_building_type,Contact Home Building Type
reg_contact,employer,Contact Employer
reg_contact,street_number,Contact Street Number
reg_contact,city,Contact City
reg_contact,email,Contact Email
reg_contact,apartment,Contact Apartment
reg_contact,salutation,Contact Salutation
reg_contact,home_language,Contact Home Language
reg_contact,street_name,Contact Street Name
reg_contact,education_level,Contact Education Level
reg_contact,generation,Contact Generation
reg_contact,plan_area_number,Contact Plan Area Number
reg_contact,pwd_chg_date_time,Contact Pwd Chg Date Time
reg_contact,chg_pw_next_login,Contact Chg Pw Next Login
reg_contact,middle_name,Contact Middle Name
reg_contact,street_prefix,Contact Street Prefix
reg_contact,onboard_token_used,Onboard Token Used
reg_contact,title,Contact Title
reg_contact,hac_ldap_flag,Contact Hac Ldap Flag
reg_contact,sif_refid,Contact Sif Refid
reg_contact,state,Contact State
reg_contact,key_used,Key Used
reg_contact,first_name,Contact First Name
reg_contact,zip,Contact Zip
reg_contact,acct_locked_date_time,Contact Acct Locked Date Time
reg_contact,use_for_mailing,Contact Use For Mailing
reg_contact,complex,Contact Complex
reg_contact,development,Contact Development
reg_contact,change_uid,Contact Change Uid
reg_contact,street_type,Contact Street Type
reg_contact,language,Contact Language
reg_contact,street_suffix,Contact Street Suffix
reg_contact,change_date_time,Contact Change Date Time
reg_contact,delivery_point,Contact Delivery Point
reg_contact,acct_locked,Contact Acct Locked
reg_contact,last_login_date,Contact Last Login Date
reg_user-R-5050,field_value-1,Entry/Withdrawal
reg_user-R-5050,field_value-2,Birth Date
reg_user-R-5050,field_value-3,Gender
reg_user-R-5050,field_value-4,State ID
reg_user-R-5050,field_value-5,ELL
reg_user-R-5050,field_value-6,Resident LEA
reg_user-R-5070,field_value-1,Service Type
reg_user-R-5070,field_value-2,Other Service
reg_user-R-5070,field_value-3,Begin Date
reg_user-R-5070,field_value-4,End Date
reg,res_county_code,County of Residence
reg,dist_enroll_date,District Enrollment Date
reg,change_uid,Change Uid
reg,calendar,Calendar
reg,nickname,Nickname
reg,first_name,First Name
reg,house_team,House/Team
reg,family_census,Family/Census Number
reg,homeroom_primary,Primary Homeroom
reg,current_status,Current Status
reg,state_res_building,State Building of Residence
reg,last_name,Last Name
reg,middle_name,Middle Name
reg,birthdate,Birth Date
reg,home_district,District of Residence
reg,grade,Grade
reg,state_enroll_date,State Enrollment Date
reg,counselor,Counselor
reg,alt_district,Alternate District
reg,attending_district,Attending District
reg,us_enroll_date,US Enrollment Date
reg,building_reason,Building Reason
reg,grade_9_date,Date Entered Grade 9
reg,building,Building
reg,gender,Gender
reg,summer_status,Summer Status
reg,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg,generation,Generation
reg,homeroom_secondary,Secondary Homeroom
reg,alt_building,Alternate Building
reg,home_building,Home Building
reg,building_override,Building Override
reg,student_id,Student ID
reg,language,Home Language
reg,alt_bldg_acct,Alt Accountablility Building
reg,native_language,Native Language
med_dental,initials,Initials
med_dental,location,Location
med_dental,test_date,Test Date
med_dental,student_id,Student Id
med_dental,grade,Grade
med_dental,change_uid,Change Uid
med_dental,change_date_time,Change Date Time
med_dental,status,Status
reg_disability,disability_order,Disability Order
reg_disability,end_date,End Date
reg_disability,student_id,Student Id
reg_disability,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_disability,sequence_num,Sequence Num
reg_disability,start_date,Start Date
reg_disability,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_disability,disability,Disability
reg_user-R-5020,field_value-1,Anticipated Services Code
reg_user-R-5030,field_value-1,Development Needs Code
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-50,County
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-51,Primary Disability
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-3,Educational Environment
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-52,Referral Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-7,Referral Conference Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-8,Evaluation Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-9,Annual Review Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-48,Person Referring
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-10,Entry Assessment Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-11,Entry Soc Emtnl Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-12,Entry Kldg/Skills Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-13,Entry Self Help Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-14,Assessment 1 Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-15,Assess1 Soc Emtnl Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-16,Assess1 Soc Emtnl Func Imprv
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-53,Conference LEA
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-17,Assess1 Kldg/Skills Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-18,Assess1 Kldg/Skills Func Imprv
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-19,Assess1 Self Help Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-20,Assess1 Self Help Func Imprv
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-21,Assessment 2 Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-22,Assess2 Soc Emtnl Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-23,Assess2 Soc Emtnl Func Imprv
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-24,Assess2 Kldg/Skills Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-25,Assess2 Kldg/Skills Func Imprv
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-26,Assess2 Self Help Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-27,Assess2 Self Help Func Imprv
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-28,Exit Assessment Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-29,Exit Soc Emtnl Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-32,Exit Soc Emtnl Func Imprv
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-30,Exit Kldg/Skills Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-33,Exit Kldg/Skills Func Imprv
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-31,Exit Self Help Func Score
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-34,Exit Self Help Func Imprv
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-35,Placement Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-36,Temporary Student
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-37,Agency Name
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-38,Agency City
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-39,Teacher ID
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-40,Speech ID
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-41,Paraprofessional ID
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-42,Other ID
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-43,Program Type
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-44,New Student School Year
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-45,ELL
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-46,Transition Conference Date
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-47,Transition Code
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-1,Entry/Withdrawal
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-2,Transfer
reg_user-R-5000,field_value-49,Resident LEA
reg_user-R-5040,field_value-1,Related Services Code
reg_user-R-105,field_value-1,ELL Entry/Exit
reg_user-R-105,field_value-2,ESL/ELL Waived Date
reg_user-R-105,field_value-3,ESL/ELL Monitored
reg_user-R-105,field_value-4,ELD Program Type
reg_user-R-105,field_value-5,Core Content Access
reg_user-R-105,field_value-6,Recently Arrived EL
reg_emergency,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_emergency,insurance_company,Insurance Company
reg_emergency,dentist_phone,Dentist Phone
reg_emergency,insurance_subscr,Subscriber Name
reg_emergency,student_id,Student Id
reg_emergency,dentist_ext,Dentist Ext
reg_emergency,doctor_name,Physician
reg_emergency,insurance_group,Group Number
reg_emergency,insurance_id,Insurance ID Number
reg_emergency,dentist,Dentist
reg_emergency,doctor_phone,Physician Phone
reg_emergency,doctor_extension,Physician Ext
reg_emergency,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_emergency,insurance_grp_name,Group Name
reg_emergency,hospital_code,Hospital Code
reg_entry_with,entry_wd_type,E/W Entry Withdrawal Type
reg_entry_with,calendar,E/W Calendar
reg_entry_with,entry_date,Entry Date
reg_entry_with,school_year,E/W School Year
reg_entry_with,student_id,E/W Student Id
reg_entry_with,grade,E/W Grade
reg_entry_with,entry_code,Entry Code
reg_entry_with,change_date_time,E/W Change Date Time
reg_entry_with,comments,E/W Comments
reg_entry_with,building,E/W Building
reg_entry_with,withdrawal_date,Withdrawal Date
reg_entry_with,withdrawal_code,Withdrawal Code
reg_entry_with,change_uid,E/W Change Uid
med_growth,percent_height,Percent Height
med_growth,bmi,Bmi
med_growth,initials,Initials
med_growth,weight,Weight
med_growth,an_reading,An Reading
med_growth,blood_pressure_sys_an,Blood Pressure Sys An
med_growth,test_date,Test Date
med_growth,change_uid,Change Uid
med_growth,student_id,Student Id
med_growth,percent_weight,Percent Weight
med_growth,blood_pressure_dia_an,Blood Pressure Dia An
med_growth,percent_bmi,Percent Bmi
med_growth,blood_pressure_sys,Blood Pressure Sys
med_growth,blood_pressure_dia,Blood Pressure Dia
med_growth,height,Height
med_growth,grade,Grade
med_growth,change_date_time,Change Date Time
med_growth,location,Location
med_hearing,change_date_time,Change Date Time
med_hearing,grade,Grade
med_hearing,change_uid,Change Uid
med_hearing,location,Location
med_hearing,student_id,Student Id
med_hearing,test_date,Test Date
med_hearing,left_ear,Left Ear
med_hearing,right_ear,Right Ear
med_hearing,initials,Initials
reg_exclude_honor,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_exclude_honor,honor_type,Honor Type
reg_exclude_honor,student_id,Student Id
reg_exclude_honor,change_uid,Change Uid
schd_ms,gender_restriction,Gender Restriction
schd_ms,department,Department
schd_ms,block_type,Block Type
schd_ms,track,Track
schd_ms,votec,Votec
schd_ms,fee,Fee
schd_ms,description,Description
schd_ms,maximum_seats,Maximum Seats
schd_ms,lock,Lock
schd_ms,duration_type,Duration Type
schd_ms,classify_num_or_per,Classify Num Or Per
schd_ms,state_crs_equiv,State Crs Equiv
schd_ms,course_section,Course Section
schd_ms,subj_area_credit,Subj Area Credit
schd_ms,nces_code,Nces Code
schd_ms,study_hall,Study Hall
schd_ms,school_year,School Year
schd_ms,summer_school,Summer School
schd_ms,average_type,Average ID
schd_ms,classify_stus_max,Classify Stus Max
schd_ms,course_credit_basis,Course Credit Basis
schd_ms,building,Building
schd_ms,course,Course
schd_ms,category_type,Category Type
schd_ms,change_uid,Change Uid
schd_ms,same_teacher,Same Teacher
schd_ms,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_legal_info,legal_middle_name,Legal Middle Name
reg_legal_info,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_legal_info,legal_last_name,Legal Last Name
reg_legal_info,change_reason,Change Reason
reg_legal_info,legal_gender,Legal Gender
reg_legal_info,student_id,Student Id
reg_legal_info,legal_first_name,Legal First Name
reg_legal_info,legal_generation,Legal Generation
reg_legal_info,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_med_alerts,med_alert_code,Med Alert Code
reg_med_alerts,end_date,End Date
reg_med_alerts,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_med_alerts,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_med_alerts,med_alert_comment,Med Alert Comment
reg_med_alerts,sequence_num,Sequence Num
reg_med_alerts,student_id,Student Id
reg_med_alerts,start_date,Start Date
med_notes,change_uid,Change Uid
med_notes,event_type,Event Type
med_notes,event_date,Event Date
med_notes,change_date_time,Change Date Time
med_notes,student_id,Student Id
med_notes,note,Note
med_issued,dose_number,Dose Number
med_issued,student_id,Student Id
med_issued,event_type,Event Type
med_issued,comment,Comment
med_issued,change_date_time,Change Date Time
med_issued,change_uid,Change Uid
med_issued,initials,Initials
med_issued,issued,Issued
med_issued,med_code,Med Code
reg_personal,at_risk,At Risk
reg_personal,esl,ESL
reg_personal,locker_number,Locker Number
reg_personal,homeless_status,Homeless Status
reg_personal,private_college,Private College
reg_personal,show_alerts,Show Comments
reg_personal,fee_status,Fee Status
reg_personal,private_company,Private Company
reg_personal,previous_id_asof,Previous Id Asof
reg_personal,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_personal,section_504_plan,504 Plan
reg_personal,transfer_bldg_from,Building Transferred From
reg_personal,migrant_id,Migrant ID
reg_personal,ell_years,ELL Years
reg_personal,migrant,Migrant
reg_personal,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_personal,meal_status,Meal Status
reg_personal,has_iep,IEP
reg_personal,residency_code,Residency
reg_personal,locker_combination,Locker Combination
reg_personal,birth_state,State of Birth
reg_personal,immigrant,Immigrant
reg_personal,ferpa_phone,FERPA Phone
reg_personal,hispanic,Hispanic/Latino Ethnicity
reg_personal,origin_country,Country of Origin
reg_personal,private_individual,Private Individual
reg_personal,birth_city,City of Birth
reg_personal,student_id,Student Id
reg_personal,state_report_id,State Reporting ID
reg_personal,ssn,Social Security Number
reg_personal,private_military,Private Military
reg_personal,iep_integration,IEPPLUS Integration
reg_personal,ethnic_code,Race
reg_personal,citizen_status,Citizen Status
reg_personal,ferpa_name,FERPA Name
reg_personal,private_organizations,Private Organizations
reg_personal,at_risk_last_calc,At Risk Last Calc
reg_personal,birth_country,Country of Birth
reg_personal,ferpa_photo,FERPA Photo
reg_personal,mother_maiden_name,Mother's Maiden Name
reg_personal,ferpa_address,FERPA Address
reg_personal,classification,Classification
reg_personal,academic_dis,Academically Disadvantaged
reg_personal,iep_status,Iep Status
reg_personal,fed_race_ethnic,Fed Race Ethnic
reg_personal,has_ssp,Has Ssp
reg_personal,previous_id,Previous ID
reg_personal,fee_balance,Fee Balance
reg_personal,at_risk_calc_ovr,At Risk Calc Ovr
reg_personal,fee_status_ovr,Override Fee Status
schd_stu_status,building,Building
schd_stu_status,school_year,School Year
schd_stu_status,request_status,Request Status
schd_stu_status,change_date_time,Change Date Time
schd_stu_status,schedule_status,Schedule Status
schd_stu_status,student_id,Student Id
schd_stu_status,schd_interval,Schd Interval
schd_stu_status,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-1,Entry/Withdrawal
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-2,ELL
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-3,Assigned Grade
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-4,Medicaid Eligible
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-5,Medicaid Number
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-6,Alternate Portfolio
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-7,Transfer
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-8,Secondary Trans Date
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-9,Referral Date
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-10,Person Referring
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-11,Last Evaluation Date
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-12,Eligibility Determining Date
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-13,Annual Review Date
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-14,Temporary Student
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-31,School Choice
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-32,School Choice Improvement
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-33,School Choice LEA
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-34,Special Ed Teacher
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-35,Therapist (Speech/Other)
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-16,Primary Disability
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-17,Educational Placement
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-18,Resident LEA
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-19,Name of Provider
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-20,Provider LEA
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-21,Speech
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-22,Date Speech Entered
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-23,Date Speech Terminated
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-24,Edu Placement Last Year
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-25,Time Served Unit
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-26,Time Served Amount
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-27,Extended School YR
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-29,Charter School
reg_user-R-5090,field_value-30,Early Childhood Program
reg_user-R-102,field_value-26,ACT 514 Military Dependent
reg_user-R-102,field_value-27,Oyster ID
reg_user-R-102,field_value-29,ACT 514 Military Branch
reg_user-R-102,field_value-30,Medicaid Permission
reg_user-R-102,field_value-18,Title I Eligible
reg_user-R-102,field_value-23,Form 506
reg_user-R-102,field_value-1,Distance/Miles from School
reg_user-R-102,field_value-3,Birth Certificate Number
reg_user-R-102,field_value-9,Birth Verified
reg_user-R-102,field_value-13,Migrant Record
reg_user-R-102,field_value-14,Medicaid Eligibility
reg_user-R-102,field_value-17,Medicaid Number
reg_user-R-102,field_value-24,Transported
reg_user-R-102,field_value-25,Travel Code
reg_user-R-102,field_value-2,Gifted/Talented
reg_user-R-102,field_value-4,Preschool
reg_user-R-102,field_value-5,ADM Part-Time Percentage
reg_user-R-102,field_value-6,Smartcore Waiver
reg_user-R-102,field_value-7,Facility Name
reg_user-R-102,field_value-8,21st CCLC Program
reg_user-R-102,field_value-10,Supp, Services (Do Not Use)
reg_user-R-102,field_value-11,Consolidated School's LEA
reg_user-R-102,field_value-12,Supp, Provider (Do Not Use)
reg_user-R-102,field_value-15,Displaced District
reg_user-R-102,field_value-16,State of Displaced District
reg_user-R-102,field_value-32,SBHC
reg_user-R-102,field_value-33,AAA Activity
reg_user-R-102,field_value-35,CPR Training
reg_user-R-102,field_value-37,New Student Delivered
reg_user-R-102,field_value-39,Student Instructional Option
reg_user-R-102,field_value-28,Twin
reg_user-R-102,field_value-36,Alternate Pathway
reg_user-R-102,field_value-40,Device Access Source
reg_user-R-102,field_value-31,Unaccompanied Youth
reg_user-R-102,field_value-41,Single Parent
reg_user-R-102,field_value-42,Learning Device
reg_user-R-102,field_value-43,Shared Device
reg_user-R-102,field_value-44,Device Serial Number
reg_user-R-102,field_value-34,Title III Eligible
reg_user-R-102,field_value-38,Internet Access
reg_user-R-102,field_value-45,Internet Type
reg_user-R-102,field_value-46,Internet Performance
reg_user-R-102,field_value-47,Internet Access Barrier
reg_ethnicity,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_ethnicity,student_id,Student Id
reg_ethnicity,ethnicity_order,Ethnicity Order
reg_ethnicity,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_ethnicity,percentage,Percentage
reg_ethnicity,ethnic_code,Ethnic Code
reg_notes,student_id,Student Id
reg_notes,appointment_id,Appointment Id
reg_notes,student_alert_type,Student Alert Type
reg_notes,entry_date_time,Entry Date Time
reg_notes,private_flag,Private Flag
reg_notes,note_text,Note Text
reg_notes,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_notes,publish_to_web,Publish To Web
reg_notes,sensitive,Sensitive
reg_notes,note_type,Note Type
reg_notes,entry_uid,Entry Uid
reg_notes,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_stu_contact,mail_rc,Mail Rc
reg_stu_contact,cust_guard,Cust Guard
reg_stu_contact,contact_priority,Contact Priority
reg_stu_contact,mail_disc,Mail Disc
reg_stu_contact,mail_att,Mail Att
reg_stu_contact,legal_guard,Legal Guard
reg_stu_contact,mail_med,Mail Med
reg_stu_contact,transport_to,Transport To
reg_stu_contact,mail_fees,Mail Fees
reg_stu_contact,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_stu_contact,relation_code,Relation Code
reg_stu_contact,mail_reg,Mail Reg
reg_stu_contact,web_access,Web Access
reg_stu_contact,contact_type,Contact Type
reg_stu_contact,mail_ssp,Mail Ssp
reg_stu_contact,student_id,Student Id
reg_stu_contact,transport_from,Transport From
reg_stu_contact,mail_ipr,Mail Ipr
reg_stu_contact,living_with,Living With
reg_stu_contact,upd_stu_eo_info,Upd Stu Eo Info
reg_stu_contact,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_stu_contact,mail_schd,Mail Schd
reg_stu_contact,comments,Comments
reg_travel,change_date_time,Change Date Time
reg_travel,change_uid,Change Uid
reg_travel,shuttle_stop,Shuttle Stop
reg_travel,travel_type,Travel Type
reg_travel,tuesday,Tuesday
reg_travel,friday,Friday
reg_travel,stop_number,Stop Number
reg_travel,transport_distance,Transport Distance
reg_travel,wednesday,Wednesday
reg_travel,bus_number,Bus Number
reg_travel,start_date,Start Date
reg_travel,student_id,Student Id
reg_travel,travel_trip,Travel Trip
reg_travel,sunday,Sunday
reg_travel,thursday,Thursday
reg_travel,stop_description,Stop Description
reg_travel,saturday,Saturday
reg_travel,stop_time,Stop Time
reg_travel,travel_segment,Travel Segment
reg_travel,travel_direction,Travel Direction
reg_travel,bus_route,Bus Route
reg_travel,monday,Monday
reg_travel,end_date,End Date
reg_programs-arses,start_date-1,Meal Status Start Date
reg_programs-arses,summer_school-1,Meal Status Summer School
reg_programs-arses,program_value-1,Meal Status
reg_programs-arses,end_date-1,Meal Status End Date
reg_programs-arell,start_date-1,ELL Entry/Exit Start Date
reg_programs-arell,summer_school-1,ELL Entry/Exit Summer School
reg_programs-arell,program_value-1,ELL Entry/Exit
reg_programs-arell,end_date-1,ELL Entry/Exit End Date
reg_programs-argt,start_date-1,Gifted/Talented Start Date
reg_programs-argt,summer_school-1,Gifted/Talented Summer School
reg_programs-argt,program_value-1,Gifted/Talented
reg_programs-argt,end_date-1,Gifted/Talented End Date
reg_programs-ar_sa,start_date-1,School Age Program Start Date
reg_programs-ar_sa,summer_school-1,School Age Program Summer School
reg_programs-ar_sa,entry_reason-1,School Age Program Entry Reason
reg_programs-ar_sa,program_value-1,School Age Program
reg_programs-ar_sa,end_date-1,School Age Program End Date
reg_programs-ar_sa,withdrawal_reason-1,School Age Program Withdrawal Reason
reg_programs-arrs,start_date-1,Residency Start Date
reg_programs-arrs,start_date-2,Send/Receive District LEA Start Date
reg_programs-arrs,start_date-3,Send/Receive Building LEA Start Date
reg_programs-arrs,summer_school-1,Residency Summer School
reg_programs-arrs,summer_school-2,Send/Receive District LEA Summer School
reg_programs-arrs,summer_school-3,Send/Receive Building LEA Summer School
reg_programs-arrs,program_value-1,Residency
reg_programs-arrs,program_value-2,Send/Receive District LEA
reg_programs-arrs,program_value-3,Send/Receive Building LEA
reg_programs-arrs,end_date-1,Residency End Date
reg_programs-arrs,end_date-2,Send/Receive District LEA End Date
reg_programs-arrs,end_date-3,Send/Receive Building LEA End Date
